I have seen the god of war
Governor Wang, why are you here too?
Someone is pretending to be the messenger of the war commander
I brought everyone to take it.
Pretending to be the messenger of the war commander
Who is it? It's him.
Know him
Wang Haotian Qingfeng God of War
Why is Lord Qingfeng here?
What? He's the Breeze God of War?
Nonsense, I and the Qingfeng God of War will die alone
I got the wrong person.
Sorry, this is Wang.
I have no eyes
Offended the Breeze God of War
Aren't you going to arrest me?
Don't dare anything
You are actually the messenger of the war commander
It's Empty God
Yes, Miss Lin.
The handsome man proposed to me
The betrothal gift thing is also true
Of course!
How can you joke about the marriage of the war commander?
That's great.
It was real
Did you see it?
It's true.
Lord Zhan Shuai really wants to marry me
You little dragon
How dare you hit me just now?
How dare you hit Mrs. Zhan Shuai